applications: nrf_desktop: Readme cleanup (#2072)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

The project comes with configuration files for the following boards:

>     * PCA10056 - the application is configured to work as a gaming mouse (motion emulated using DK buttons)
>     * PCA20041 - the application is configured to work as a gaming mouse
>     * PCA20037 - the application is configured to work as a keyboard
>     * PCA20044 - the application is configured to work as a casual desktop mouse (nRF52832 based board)
>     * PCA20045 - the application is configured to work as a casual desktop mouse (nRF52810 based board)
>     * PCA10059 - the application is configured to work as a HID dongle (nRF52840 based board)
>     * PCA10111 - the application is configured to work as a HID dongle (nRF52833 based board)
>     * PCA10100 - the application is configured to work as a HID dongle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * nRF52840 DK (PCA10056) - the application is configured to work as a gaming mouse (motion emulated using DK buttons)
    * nRF52840 Gaming Mouse (PCA20041) - the application is configured to work as a gaming mouse
    * nRF52832 Desktop Keyboard (PCA20037) - the application is configured to work as a keyboard
    * nRF52832 Desktop Mouse (PCA20044) - the application is configured to work as a casual desktop mouse 
    * nRF52810 Desktop Mouse (PCA20045) - the application is configured to work as a casual desktop mouse 
    * nRF52840 USB Dongle (PCA10059) - the application is configured to work as a HID dongle
    * nRF52833 USB Dongle (PCA10111) - the application is configured to work as a HID dongle
    * nRF52833 DK (PCA10100) - the application is configured to work as a HID dongle
```
I think we should use the official names. @jdstapes ?

Author: This is fine with me. I will squash and rebase

    * PCA20037 - nRF Desktop keyboard reference design
    * PCA20044 - nRF Desktop casual mouse reference design (nRF52832)
    * PCA20045 - nRF Desktop casual mouse reference design (nRF52810)

>     * PCA10059 - nRF Desktop dongle reference design (nRF52840)

Reviewer: PCA10059 is the nRF52840 Dongle, not a reference design.
So maybe this needs to be worded similar to line 337?

Author: This is actually working HID dongle - from application perspective. It is not emulated but rather shares the same HW platform. On the left is name of the board on the right is what application does with it.

Reviewer: This must be worded differently then, because right now you're saying that PCA10059 is the nRF Desktop dongle reference design.
Also, with regards to the board naming discussion (NCSDK-4678), we should probably start using product names (thus nRF52840 Dongle) instead of PCA numbers here.

Author: You are right that the sentence is probably confusing. Regarding the naming this is much more work then it seems and we cannot change it in one place only.

>     * PCA10111 - nRF Desktop dongle reference design (nRF52833)

Reviewer: What is this?

Author: PCA10111 is a board created for our project. It looks as PCA10059 but has nrf52833 on board.
The application works as HID dongle here.

>     * PCA10100 - nRF Desktop dongle reference design (nRF52833 DK)

Reviewer: PCA10100 is the nRF52833 DK, not a reference design.

Author: On the right is what application does with it. In case of the PCA10111 it is HID dongle.
We don't try to explain what is the name of the board or the original purpose but tell what role application takes when loaded onto it.
